 —---- Gilberts Dream —--------------
 
In the tavern, Gilbert dreams, feeling himself taken back to an old memory, which he has tried to suppress for a long time. 

Gilbert sits in the ruins of a towering ancient library, resting against a chair and bored, until one of his colleagues, a high elf, tells him to get to work and asks Gilbert to follow him after being asked what he should do. Gilbert follows his colleague through the library, passing portions that have been collapsed by tree roots, until they arrive at a backroom with books scattered everywhere, telling Gilbert to organise all the books and find more work once he is done. Gilbert starts organising, eventually finding an odd book which he attempts to put on a tower of other books, but as he tries to place it the tower collapses, and the odd book lands directly in front of him, flipping open and wrecking his mind. As his body shakes violently, Gilbert looks at the writing of the book, the pages expanding as the book becomes more, drawing him in to the book just as Gilbert wakes up. 

—---- Tavern —----------

Gilbert wakes up in a panic, with [[Gabriel]] laughing at him and mocking him, asking ‘what kind of dream were you having’, knowing full well what Gilbert was dreaming of.

Down in the ground floor of the tavern, the group buys waffles and pancakes, until Krihh and Feinren notice a shadowy figure sitting in the back corner, which Feinren recognises as the [[Dealer]]. The group walks over to the dealer, and Feinren asks what he was doing on the road (when we were fighting the orcs). The dealer says he was interested to see if we could make it, as he can feel when people are close to death, and comments on how close to death some of us were. 

The dealer asks if we had figured out who to talk to yet, and offers to give us a hint, before noticing Krihh and questioning them, commenting ‘you give a lot of information for someone who wants to be hidden’, Krihh: ‘You like to assume things about me do you”, Dealer: ‘I never assume’.

The dealer then mocks Tarlo, asking where her eye is now, prompting Tarlo to try and fail to threaten the dealer, promising to figure out how to hurt him eventually. The dealer offers to give us the information we need, but for a favour, and asks Feinren and Tarlo to remember that he gave it to us, and not the eye. When asked about the level of this favour, the dealer says it would be nothing too much, maybe buying him something, or talking to someone/collecting information for him, nothing too big, nothing too dangerous. After a lot of discussion, the party takes the deal, with Krihh joining the deal and the group. As we accept the deal, thin green lines fly between us, before quickly disappearing. The dealer tells us that there is someone we can seek out, a bugbear of the Eye named [[Gorr]], who would be the only one who could, or would give us the information that we needed. Conjuring a bubble from the ground, the dealer shows a birds-eye view of the west side of Grudot, where Gorr is located, and warns us not to talk too much about bugbears when we speak to him, as he is a tad touchy (a bugbear of the eye is very unusual). The dealer tells us he will being seeing us all soon, before transforming back into his skeletal form, and disappearing into a mass of black pulsing veins, and vanishing.

—---- Gorr’s House —-----------

We make it to Gorr’s house, with only Rahkoriin being pickpocketed, seeing a nice house with marbly stone walls and a large dark wood door. We knock, and after convincing a grumpy Gorr to let us in, telling him we are travellers from Granth seeking information, and pointed in his direction by an acquaintance, we enter the house. 

After Gilbert shows Gorr the notes with all the party’s information on it, and explains the notes we found on the puppetless string, Gorr agrees to help us, commenting that someone is definitely trying to kill us. He asks us what we want to know and asks us what we know of the heretical religions. Feinren recalls and explains that thousands of years ago there was the great war between the Gishin and the Brudago, relatively corresponding to the heretical and accepted religions today, respectively, with the unaligned religions being those who didn't pick a side or were part of the Brudago, but too weak after the war to consolidate. 

The Brudago won the war, and pushed the Gishin past the mountain on the edge of the continent, to a separate island were they are essentially stuck, meaning that there are no real amounts of heretics on the main island, which is why Grudo shouldn’t exist and the measures it takes, with the veil and banning all eye symbols. 

After the war, the Brudago tried to remove every sense of order and hierarchy the heretical religions had, but lost control of this after they pushed the Gishin past the mountains. Gorr looks happy that Feinren knows this. Throughout Feinren’s explanation, Gabriel has been piping in, with a variety of comments, ‘thats fucking bullshit’, ‘thats actually true’, ‘damn propaganda’, making it clear Gabriel lived through this war. When Gilbert asks what side of the war he was on, Gabriel starts ranting, saying he was a great mage of the spiral, a warlock and a paladin, who played both sides and would have won, if not for…. (trails off), well, i'm trapped in this ring for a reason. Gilberts continual talking to his hand makes Gorr concerned for his sanity.

Gorr talks about what he knows about the puppetless string, stating that the Brudago didn’t do as well as they thought in destroying the hierarchy of the religions, explaining that something new came in, which the heretics call the puppetless string. Gorr isn't sure if this is a new deity of a figure, just that it has united the heretics and they are treating it as their deity. Gorr tells us to never mention we talked to him, to which Gabriel disappears (invisibility), echoing ‘we were never here’. Gorr (through telling us what we shouldnt do, wink) suggests we go to the mansion of an orc named [[Ahkon]], an incredibly powerful mage and religious figure within the city, advising that under no uncertain terms should we fight him, and roughly details the guard schedule of the mansion. Gorr explains how to find the mansion, and says that there would be records of his dealings in the mainland (Gorr treats the heretical island as his mainland, as he grew up there) within Ahkon’s private study. Gorr emphasises that Ahkon is well respected within the town, that we shouldnt get caught and we should leave Grudo as quickly as we can, as they will chase us if they find out.

The party leaves, except for Tarlo who questions why Gorr is so against the church, “oh little one, the church has corrupted the majesty of the eye, one does not need the church to attain knowledge”, “the church is part of the eye, but the eye is not wholly made of the church” (not as good as what Isaac said)

—---- Heist Preparation —-------------

Gilbert buys a grappling hook and some rope, while Rahkoriin buys some scale mail. 

Together, Rahkoriin, Gilbert and Feinren scope out the mansion, which has a main entrance on the street with no other entrances, 8ft walls surrounding the mansion with two goblins at the entrances, and a further four goblins patrolling the wall, one on each side. Furthermore there are a few hobgoblins in the grounds of the mansion, who are clearly trained professionals. The mansion itself is quite large, 3 stories tall, with a servant entrance at the back, and Ahkons private study on the right side of the top floor, which Feinren sees through his familiar, along with two child orcs playing around in another room.

—---- Heist —-----------

The party waits outside the walls at night, with Feinrens familiar seeing that Ahkon is still in his private study. Feinren casts detect magic and the party waits until Gilbert throws his grappling hook up to the top of the wall and waits for one of the guards to come around the corner. As soon as one does, Gilbert charms the guard, commanding it to run up to Ahkons study and bring him down to the ground floor, saying someone is trying to break in on the other side of the grounds. Feinren waits until he sees Ahkon disappear from his study, before Gilbert casts invisibility on Feinren who climbs up the wall and running across the grounds, before misty stepping onto the ledge of the balcony of the study, and climbing up. 
Seeing no magic aura, Feinren goes into the study and rummages through the desk, finding several important documents. These documents/notes have the same handwriting of the notes which doxxed us, and detail information on [[Rowan]] and his plans, what he has been making and doing, as well as information on the council as the whole, but the main individual on the notes is Rowan. These notes make it clear that there is an informant within the council.
Additionally there is information on outpost locations for the heretics, their chain of command, and what the puppetless strings are as a ruler, as well as the names of the 3 cities on the Gishin mainland. 
Feinren leaves the study, closing the balcony door behind him before misty stepping down to the grounds and climbing back over the wall. The party runs back to the stable, retrieving Carrots and the cart, and rushing to the main gate. Tarlo collects her eye symbol, while Feinren does not, and the party leaves the city walls just before they hear a guard rushing up to the gate guards, ordering that no one else is to leave the city.

—---- On the road —-----------

As we leave the city Feinren asks Tarlo if she recognises the handwriting of the notes, which she does, recognising it as [[Zora]] handwriting (dun dun dun). Feinren shows the notes to the party and explains what he saw with the evocation and divination aura around Rowan whenever Zora glared at him. Tarlo can’t accept this, struggling to find an explanation for this, with Feinren commenting ‘for a follower of the eye you’re rather obtuse.’ Feinren copies the notes down into his own notebook.

—------ Session End —-----------------