##### Zora's Chamber

Feinren attempts to restrain the guards with webs, while Gilbert heals Akarda using the hum of the spiral. Rahkoriin uses his dragon breath on the guards in the webs, before transforming into a werewolf, his scales slowly shifting away as fur sprouts from beneath them, and his face lengthens into a snout as his fingers become even sharper. Tarlo kills the guard who was attacking Akarda, while the spectators begin to attack, paralyzing Rahkoriin and Feinren, causing the webs to disappear. Tarlo kills another one of the guards who were in the web, as Zora begins to lose her mind, screaming at us as strands of web begin dancing around her hair, and Zora raises of the ground in a greeny black eyeball, with the sickly light erupting from her chest. 

Gilbert heals Rahkoriin, who quickly kills two guards after drinking a potion, and Akarda brings the guard who was holding onto him to the brink of death. As the battle continues to rage several of the guards begin chanting desperate prayers to the eye, while another starts running, trying to escape the chamber.  Just as the tide begins to turn in our favour, Zora conjures a ball of fire in her hand, and shouts at us 'stop fighting now or you all die', just as Feinren shrugs off the paralysis. Following an attack from a spectator, and Gilbert failing to charm Zora, Rahkoriin kills one of the spectators, which causes Zora to unleash the fireball, shooting it at Tarlo and Akarda.

Just as the ball of condensed fire shoots from Zoras hand, Akarda dives ontop of Tarlo, using the last of his energy to heal her, before the ball of fire explodes, and they are enveloped in flame, as Tarlo hears the last words of her godfather over the roar of the fire, 'I love you'.
The whirling flames die out, revealing the corpse of a guard, and Tarlo, lying beneath the charred remains of Akarda, smoke still rising off the ashes of his legs.

Rahkoriin causes the corpse of a spectator to attack a guard, as Tarlo begins to whale on Zora, who tries and fails to paralyse Tarlo. Gilbert accidentally hits Rahkoriin due to the effect of the remaining spectator, which knocks Rahkoriin out, before Zora tries to hit Gilbert, but her eldritch blast blows up in her face, knocking her backwards onto the ground. Gilbert stabilises Rahkoriin (despite Gabriels best wishes), and they both quickly join Tarlo and Feinren in fighting Zora, as the last guard runs away. Zora rips off her blindoff, revealing the mass of glowing green eyes which cover her face, screaming "You will not beat me, I am the chosen one". After being hit by Tarlo again, Zora surrenders, dismissing the last spectator and begging us to spare her, but when Tarlo intimidates Zora into telling us about the puppetless string she begins begging again "please don't make me say, they'll get me".  Zora explains that she was offered power and control, but as soon as she begins to say the puppetless string, the webbing in her hair bursts forth and wraps her in a cocoon, squeezing Zora as it drains her life, killing her.

As Tarlo grieves over Akarda's remains, we search Zora's body and find some books with her writing, standing up from Zora, Feinren uses his wand of secrets, which begins to pulse, and slowly spins to point at a point in the room. 

