As a note we've realised that sometimes when we look at Gilbert his skin seems to shift and shimmer as we try to look at it.
##### Dealer Store
As we leave the dealers store, we each feel a health potion appear in our back pocket, with a note wrapped around it saying good luck. As we hear the clanking of guard armour in nearby streets we leave the area and start heading around the outskirts of town to try to get to Zora's mansion.
##### Zoras mansion
We approach Zora's mansion, seeing a large greek-esq house, with marble pillars on the outside and guards milling around it. As we start sneaking around to the back entrance on the mountain we see Akarda walk up to the front of the mansion and being let in. We find the back entrance, which is just a natural cave entrance with metal bars, a gate, and a dozing guard sitting out the front. Gilbert threatens the guard, gesturing to his new freaky armour, "ive been looking for a new set of boots" and the guard quietly lets us in. 
modern greek esq mansion, pillars and such
##### Cave system
As we move through the cave system we run into two guards, one who has a debilitating smoking addiction, quickly disposing of both of them. We continue to move through the caves, passing by what seems to be a common area with tables and some chests. We take the left path leaving this area and walk for 10 minutes, before coming to a chamber where we see two spectators, giant floating faces with one eye, and four limbs sprouting of the head, each with an eye at the end of the limb. Feinren knows that these spectators are powerful beings, but not particularly intelligent, generally used for guarding.  After Gilbert approaches them the party eventually convinces the spectators that we are maintenance workers, here to fix the water heating system for Zora, at a special friend discount. The spectators seem unfamiliar with the concept of a friend, and ask us if we could be their friends, which we agree to, promising to have a picnic with them after we are done working.  The spectators, excited by this and hoping to speed up our work, opening the magically locked doors at the end of the room. As we leave, the spectators tell Tarlo that their names are Zoraq and Lormar, and ask us to be quiet as we leave, using their eyeball appendage to half cover their mouth. 

##### Zora's chamber

As we enter Zora's chamber we hear her shouting at Akarda, who is being held by one guard while another strikes him continually, reprimanding him for letting us go. We see Zora, who is facing away from us, surrounded by a semi-circle of 5 guards, with two spectators behind her and the guards, and then Akarda and two more guards in front of Zora.